c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\domvaproject.dll
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\domvaproject.pdb
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\MySql.Data.Entity.dll
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\es\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\obj\Debug\domvaproject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\obj\Debug\domvaproject.dll
c:\users\darkcrow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\domvaproject\domvaproject\obj\Debug\domvaproject.pdb
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\domvaproject.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\domvaproject.pdb
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\MySql.Data.Entity.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\es\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\obj\Debug\domvaproject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\obj\Debug\domvaproject.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\obj\Debug\domvaproject.pdb
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\MySql.Web.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\ru\domvaproject.resources.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\obj\Debug\domvaproject.Resources.Views.Shared.SharedStrings.resources
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\obj\Debug\domvaproject.Resources.Views.Shared.SharedStrings.ru.resources
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\obj\Debug\domvaproject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\obj\Debug\ru\domvaproject.resources.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.ApplicationServices.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.DynamicData.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.Entity.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.Routing.dll
C:\Users\DarkCrow\Documents\GitHub\Domva\domvaproject\domvaproject\bin\System.Web.Services.dll
